Add database request (#13)
Dynatrace/OneAgent-SDK-for-Java: samples/README.md

- `remotecall`: shows usage of remote call API. Allows you to tag remote calls in the same or between different JVMs.  
- `in-process-linking`: shows usage of in-process-linking API. Allows you to tag eg. asynchronous execution inside the same process.

> - `webrequest`: shows usage of outging- and incoming webrequests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `webrequest`: shows usage of outgoing and incoming web request tracing
```
